README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!--
HOW TO USE:
This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.

Modify this file to match your project and remove sections that don't apply.

REQUIRED SECTIONS:
- Table of Contents
- About the Project
  - Built With
  - Live Demo
- Getting Started
- Authors
- Future Features
- Contributing
- Show your support
- Acknowledgements
- License

OPTIONAL SECTIONS:
- FAQ

After you're finished please remove all the comments and instructions!
-->

<div align="center">
  <br/>
  <h3><b>First Project Capstone - <i>online website for conferences</i></b></h3>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [Online Website For Conference] <a name="about-project"></a>

This project is the first capstone project of the first module at microverse. and the purpose of this project can be found **[HERE](https://github.com/microverseinc/curriculum-html-css/blob/main/capstone/html_capstone.md)**

**[Online Website For Conference]** is a website where individual posts upcoming tech events, and the guest speakers

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

This project uses the following stacks:

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/microverseinc/curriculum-html-css/blob/main/html5.md/">HTML</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/default.asp/">CSS</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://www.w3schools.com/js/default.asp/">Javascript</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/getting-started/introduction//">BootStrap 5</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **[home page (For Mobile)]**
- **[about page (For Mobile)]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- No Demo Yet

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:


```sh
  install git on local machine
  create a repository on local machine `my-folder`
```

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:


Example commands:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone https://github.com/fezzopro/First-Capstone-Project.git
  cd First-Capstone-Project
  git checkout main

```

### Install

Install this project with:

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

 - Open index.html in your fevorite browser.
 - Open developer options and choose responsive Dimension.
 - Choose devise with minimum width of 375px.

### Run tests

- This project has no test

### Deployment

- You can deploy this project using GitHub Pages

- Read more about deploying an HTML webiste using GitHub Pages **[HERE](https://pages.github.com/)**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Felix KAMANA (Fezzo)**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [@LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **[Home Page (For Desktop)]**
- [ ] **[About Page (For Desktop)]**
- [ ] **[User Interactions (link, mobile menu)]**
- [ ] **[Dynamic Featured speakers Section]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/fezzopro/First-Capstone-Project/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>


If you like this project please give it a star ⭐️ to encourage the Author

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

 - I would like to thank Microverse Team & Students
 - The designer of this tepmlate **[Cindy Shin in Behance](https://www.behance.net/gallery/29845175/CC-Global-Summit-2015)**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Add README file for the project

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!--
HOW TO USE:
This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.

Modify this file to match your project and remove sections that don't apply.

REQUIRED SECTIONS:
- Table of Contents
- About the Project
  - Built With
  - Live Demo
- Getting Started
- Authors
- Future Features
- Contributing
- Show your support
- Acknowledgements
- License

OPTIONAL SECTIONS:
- FAQ

After you're finished please remove all the comments and instructions!
-->

<div align="center">
  <br/>
  <h3><b>First Project Capstone - <i>online website for conferences</i></b></h3>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [Online Website For Conference] <a name="about-project"></a>

This project is the first capstone project of the first module at microverse. and the purpose of this project can be found **[HERE](https://github.com/microverseinc/curriculum-html-css/blob/main/capstone/html_capstone.md)**

**[Online Website For Conference]** is a website where individual posts upcoming tech events, and the guest speakers

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

This project uses the following stacks:

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/microverseinc/curriculum-html-css/blob/main/html5.md/">HTML</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/default.asp/">CSS</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://www.w3schools.com/js/default.asp/">Javascript</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/getting-started/introduction//">BootStrap 5</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **[home page (For Mobile & Desktop)]**
- **[about page (For Mobile & Desktop)]**
- **[Mobile popup menu]**
- **[Dynamic Content using JS]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- **[Live Demo Link](https://fezzopro.github.io/First-Capstone-Project/)**
- **[Video Presentation](https://www.loom.com/share/f6c2b31e838c415c92c9f5e559725a45)**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:


```sh
  install git on local machine
  create a repository on local machine `my-folder`
```

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:


Example commands:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone https://github.com/fezzopro/First-Capstone-Project.git
  cd First-Capstone-Project
  git checkout feature-milestone-2-mobile-first

```

### Install

Install this project with:

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

 - Open index.html in your fevorite browser.
 - Open developer options and choose responsive Dimension.
 - Choose devise with minimum width of 375px.

### Run tests

- This project has no test

### Deployment

- You can deploy this project using GitHub Pages

- Read more about deploying an HTML webiste using GitHub Pages **[HERE](https://pages.github.com/)**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Felix KAMANA (Fezzo)**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [@LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **[Project page]**
- [ ] **[Service page]**
- [ ] **[Archieve Page]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/fezzopro/First-Capstone-Project/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>


If you like this project please give it a star ⭐️ to encourage the Author

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>


 - The designer of this wireframe **[Cindy Shin in Behance](https://www.behance.net/gallery/29845175/CC-Global-Summit-2015)**
 - I would like to thank Microverse Team & Students
 - Thanks to the Code Reviewer(s) for the insightful feedbacks.
- My great appreciation goes to My coding partner(s), morning session team, and standup team for their contributions & collaboration.


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
